win32_BaseBoard,Base board
win32_Battery,Battery
win32_Bios,Bios
win32_Bus,Physical bus
win32_CacheMemory,Cache memory
win32_CDROMDrive,Disk drive
win32_ComputerSystem,Computer system
win32_CurrentProbe,Current sensor
win32_DesktopMonitor,Monitor
win32_DeviceMemoryAddress,MemoryAddresses
win32_DiskPartition,Disk partitions
win32_Fan,Fan
win32_InfraredDevice,Infrared device
win32_Keyboard,Keyboard
win32_LogicalDisk,Logical disks
win32_MemoryArray,Memory array
win32_MemoryDevice,Memory device
win32_MotherboardDevice,Motherboard
win32_NetworkAdapter,Network adapter
win32_NetworkLoginProfile,Network login profile
win32_OnBoardDevice,Motherboard devices
win32_OperatingSystem,Operating system
win32_PhysicalMemory,Ram
win32_PnPDevice,Plug and play devices
win32_PointingDevice,Pointing device
win32_Printer,Physical printers
win32_PrinterDriver,Printer drivers
win32_PrintJob,Active print jobs
win32_Processor,Processor
win32_SoundDevice,Sound device
win32_TemperatureProbe,Temperature sensor
win32_USBController,Usb controller
win32_VideoController,Graphics card
win32_VoltageProbe,Voltage sensor